[MUSIC]
>> Brian: So now we're gonna start
making search actually somewhat useful.
So I come now to search.JSX.
>> Brian: And
what we are gonna do
here is make this a div.
className = container,
>> Brian: [COUGH] And
this is one of my favorite
cool features about ReACT.
The first time I fell in love with
Angular was when I saw ng-repeat for
the first time,
like it's just the killer feature.
My God, I don't have to create
all these elements myself,
I can just let Angular take care of it for
you.
Well, I'm about to show you
the Angular or the ng-repeat or
the pound each of ReACT right now so
I'm gonna say data.shows.map((show).
So again, remember everything
in here is just a JavaScript
expression, right, and
then data.shows, right,
if you look at our data.json.
>> Brian: This
is the shows array, right?
>> Brian: And then map,
that's just a plain old JavaScript, right?
That's not a ReACT-specific function.
So you can even go look, mdn array map.
>> Brian: This is
an ES5 function that basically it's
more functionalesque programming.
Actually it's very functional programming.
I use map everywhere in
functional programming.
And you basically take in an array.
You apply some transformation
to every item in the array.
So basically this function that we're
providing for it is going to get
applied to every single individual
item in the array and it's going to
create a new array full of everything that
you return from your map function, right.
So just as a very basic.
Yeah, did you have a question?
>> Speaker 2: There was a question on why
you were using data.shows
instead of just shows
there.
>> Brian: Yeah.
Why don't you call this data instead?
[LAUGH] Cuz otherwise, it's gonna be
shows.shows, which is weird, right?
Sorry, my bad.
Okay, so
I just wanted to brief primers map,
if I have a bar x equals 1,2,3,4,5, right?
And I say,
const y = x.map(function(num)
[ return x * 10 ] ) right or
something like that.
Yeah, thank you.
What you're going to get back here is 10,
20, 30, 40, 50, right?
So it's gonna take this function and
apply it individually to every
single item in the array.
And whatever you return is going
to be put into the array, right?
So in this particular case, it's gonna
do it times 10 here, times 10 here.
So this function gets run 5 times on
each individual item in the array.
Does that makes sense?
Is that a good basic
primer into what map is?
Okay, so suffice to say that
this is not ReACT specific.
This is something you can use
everywhere in JavaScript.
Excuse me [COUGH]
>> Brian: And that's one of my favorite
parts about ReACT is like most
of the ReACT statements,
this is just good JavaScript, right?
This isn't like you didn't
have to learn ng-repeat and
all the different syntaxes
of doing ng-repeat.
Like you just have to know how
to do a bit more JavaScript.
And everything that you're learning
here doesn't just apply to ReACT,
it applies to everything in JavaScript.
I think that's just a sign of
a good design of a framework.
Okay, so this function here, all we have
to do is return ReACT components, right,
cuz if you imagine what's
happening underneath the hood,
what it's being transpiled to, this is
going to just be transpiled to an array of
different different components, right.
And ReACT knows what to do with
an array of components, right.
Does that make sense?
So here,
if I just say return <h3>[show t},
I'm now going to have an array of h3s,
right,
of these different titles in there and
ReACT knows
what to do with that.
>> Brian: Now if you wanna make
this extra clever again, and we don't want
this return statement in here, we can do
the same thing that we're doing up here,
and just turn these into parentheses.
And that works as well.
>> Brian: Does that make sense?
>> Brian: If that's too clever for you,
feel free just to stick
to that version of it.
And I'm okay with that, too.
Or you can just do function, right, and
that's okay, too,
whatever floats your boat.
Stand up for a little bit.
>> Brian: Okay, I'll turn that
into,
>> Brian: Yeah,
so let's save that.
>> Speaker 2: Don't you need to drop
the return?
>> Brian: I do need to drop the return or
else that's not going to compile.
>> Brian: We got a bunch of, so yeah, you
need to get rid of all this stuff up here.
>> Brian: And
that got rid of all of our Lint, great.
>> Brian: So
now refresh this page and
click Browse All and
notice that we're getting
a list of all the titles now,
right?
>> Brian: Does
that makes sense or
is this to hand-wavy black magic?
Or do we mostly follow how we got to
getting titles here in our ReACT project?
It's okay if someone says
this is too hand-wavy,
I can go explain it again.
>> Brian: Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: So in my console,
I'm getting a unique key error for ReACT.
Is that something we're
gonna cover at some point?
>> Brian: Yeah, we're gonna cover that
briefly here in just a second.
Yes, you'll definitely see here,
each child needs a key.
And we'll talk about that momentarily.